Add details about enabling individual API resources using --runtime-config (#32284)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/using-api/_index.md

 - to disable `batch/v1`, set `--runtime-config=batch/v1=false`
 - to enable `batch/v2alpha1`, set `--runtime-config=batch/v2alpha1`

>  - to enable a particular resource like `storage.k8s.io/v1beta1/csistoragecapacities`, set `--runtime-config=storage.k8s.io/v1beta1/csistoragecapacities`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - to enable a specific version of an API, such as `storage.k8s.io/v1beta1/csistoragecapacities`, set `--runtime-config=storage.k8s.io/v1beta1/csistoragecapacities`
```

Reviewer 2: how about
```
- to enable a specific version of an API resource, such as `CSIStorageCapacity`
  in the `storage.k8s.io/v1beta1` API group, set `...`.
```

?
